1)What is a broadcast receiver?

2)Is it possible to create an activity in Android without a user interface ?

3)What is a ContentProvider and what is it typically used for?

4)Under what condition could the code sample below crash your application? How would you modify the code to avoid this potential problem? Explain your answer.

5)Describe three common use cases for using an Intent.

6)If the Activity is showing an animation that indicates some kind of progress, what issue might you encounter and how could you address it?

7)In an app you’re working on, you notice that a view’s value is not being restored after screen reorientation. What could be a likely cause of the problem that you should verify, at a minimum, about that particular view?

8)What is DDMS? Describe some of its capabilities.

9)What is the relationship between the life cycle of an AsyncTask and an Activity? What problems can this result in? How can these problems be avoided?

10)What is an Intent? Can it be used to provide data to a ContentProvider? Why or why not?

11)The Intent object is a common mechanism for starting new activity and transferring data from one activity to another. However, you cannot start a ContentProvider using an Intent.

12)When you want to access data in a ContentProvider, you must instead use the ContentResolver object in your application’s Context to communicate with the provider as a client. The ContentResolver object communicates with the provider object, an instance of a class that implements ContentProvider. The provider object receives data requests from clients, performs the requested action, and returns the results.

13)What is the difference between a fragment and an activity? Explain the relationship between the two.

14)What is difference between Serializable and Parcelable ? Which is best approach in Android ?

15)What are “launch modes”? What are the two mechanisms by which they can be defined? What specific types of launch modes are supported?

16)What is the difference between Service and IntentService? How is each used?

17)How do you supply construction arguments into a Fragment?

18)What are the seven lifecycle methods of Android activity and what is their purpose?

19)Why did you become an Android developer? What are some of the advantages of the Android platform?

20)What is SQLite? How does it differ from client-server database management systems?

21)Briefly list the components of the Android architecture.

22) Can you describe the core building blocks of an Android application?
  
23)What is ANR, and why does it happen?

24)Which method is called only once in a fragment life cycle?

25)Is it possible to create an activity in Android without a user interface ?